Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#501)
LBPUnion/ProjectLighthouse: CONTRIBUTING.md

Once you've gotten MySQL running you can run Lighthouse. It will take care of the rest.

## Connecting (PS3)

> You can use [UnionPatcher's Remote Patch utility](https://github.com/LBPUnion/UnionPatcher) to manually patch your EBOOT.BIN; it works over the network and automatically downloads, decrypts, patches, encrypts, and uploads your PSN and Disc EBOOTs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the [UnionPatcher Remote Patch utility](https://github.com/LBPUnion/UnionPatcher) to manually patch your EBOOT.BIN; it works over the network and automatically downloads, decrypts, patches, encrypts, and uploads your PSN and Disc EBOOTs.
```
I think this works better grammatically as "UnionPatcher" doesn't own the patcher utility

Author: How about "the Remote Patch utility in UnionPatcher"?

Reviewer: that works too

Author: done

> If you are using **RPCS3**, continue scrolling for the manual method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are not using a PS3, see [the RPCS3 section](#connecting-rpcs3)
```
I think this would flow better with the ps3 section if it said not ps3 at the end

Author: Done
